implemented tasks and tests (#1)
mate-academy/js_exam-1: readme.md

# JS exam #1

You are given 105 minutes to solve the tasks in [./src](./src) folder. Each task 

> contains files with the task description and tests.. The goal is to solve all 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
contains files with the task description and tests. The goal is to solve all 
```

> tasks in time. Make sure you can't run `git push` until your solutions have 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
tasks in time. You can't run `git push` until your solutions pass all the tests. 
```

passed all tests. 

To push unfinished solutions add option `--no-verify` to the push command. <br>
 `git push origin <branch_name> --no-verify`.
 
Each task can be rated at `0`, `1` or `2` points.

* `0` - wrong solution or no solution;
* `1` - solution works (tests passed) but code is not clean. Code contains 

> unneeded of wrong methods (e.g. using `map` or `filter` instead of `forEach` to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
unneeded or wrong methods (e.g. using `map` or `filter` instead of `forEach` to 
```
